[Music]
foreign
Budapest and I'm so excited to be here
I'm visiting with my friend Mattea but
she hasn't arrived she lives in the
Netherlands but we're meeting in
Budapest it's going to be a girls trip
and I'm so excited I didn't realize that
it was going to be this warm until I was
packing yesterday thankfully I brought a
lot of skirts and tank tops because the
heat is insane like for September I
thought it was going to be like fall
weather it's currently 1pm which is so
nice it was like an early flight matter
will arrive in a couple of hours and I
have arrived in the city center it took
about one hour to take the bus from the
airport to the city center I'm currently
walking to our Airbnb and I thought I
should start the Vlog so yeah I'm so
excited
[Music]
thank you
foreign
Welcome to our Airbnb I am seeing this
all for the first time like you guys wow
that's a very spacious bedroom and it
has a bathtub this is huge
and here is the bathroom
it feels so good to finally have arrived
here until the Airbnb and like I need to
take this shirt off it's way too warm I
brought my leather jacket with me which
I think was a mistake I thought that
maybe I could use it during the evenings
I'm gonna check my phone it's 26 degrees
I thought that that would be like in
July but I love the heat so I am not
complaining I am gonna do my makeup and
then I'm going to head out I am getting
a bit hungry so I was thinking about
going to a croissant bakery that is
close by you guys recommended this place
and I am in the need of a cup of coffee
and some croissant I'm not gonna put on
a lot of makeup just a little bit to
freshen up but I was thinking about like
telling you guys a little bit about this
trip I feel like I haven't really told
you guys anything we are staying here
for three nights and we are leaving on a
Saturday I would have wanted to stay
here until Sunday but the flight was
just ridiculously expensive so it just
didn't really make sense Matea is
actually also from Iceland we didn't
really know each other when we lived in
Iceland but just recently like a couple
of months ago we met for a cup of coffee
I feel like we immediately clicked and
she is just so genuine and sweet and we
get along so nicely it was honestly kind
of random how we started talking about
going on a trip together but neither of
us had visited this city before so it
was just so ideal to go together
foreign
[Music]
outfits I'm just gonna wear this one I
just changed the top because this one is
a little bit nicer since I'm not gonna
be wearing this one probably I'm Gonna
Keep It In My Bag in case anything it's
just better to have it
[Music]
is almost here I'm waiting for her in
front of our Airbnb
[Music]
Mateo just got dressed and we're gonna
head out we're kind of matching today
right like coordinating our outfits
together
[Music]
I'm gonna try on these Adam Sandler
shorts I think they're kind of cute
[Music]
Mateo just bought a leather jacket
I love it I love the color it's so
pretty right yeah
very happy
[Music]
thank you
my grandpa loves the Beatles And I know
that he would love for me to wear this
one
I was thinking about this one for
healthy but I'm gonna try it on anyways
[Music]
it's dinner time and we have decided to
go to a restaurant called tati and we
looked at the menu and they have some
traditional Hungarian food like goulash
and some of you actually recommended to
try chicken paprikash and I'm a little
bit excited to try that and we're so
hungry oh my God so hungry so good to
sit down
oh
[Music]
good morning
it's 8 30. we just woke up Mata is
taking a shower by the way guys I tried
the chicken paprikas yesterday
um it was really good I have to admit I
was a little bit skeptical if my chicken
was like undercooked because it was so
soft and the lighting in the restaurant
was a little bit dark and I felt like it
was a little bit pink also because of
the orange like sauce so I was like kind
of scared so I asked like the waiter and
he told me that like it's supposed to
look like this and apparently they
survey it Soviet I don't know how you
say it yeah it's called suvi it's
basically like where you put the meat in
like a plastic bag I think and it's like
in water for many many hours I think he
said like 16 hours or something if I
remember correctly so no salmonella for
me but yeah it was delicious and we sat
there until I think like 11. we were the
last people out of that restaurant we
were talking so much and we were just
having such a great time so we are gonna
have breakfast somewhere I'm not sure
where you guys recommended so many
places and they all look amazing when I
was packing I like decided on an outfit
that I was gonna wear today but since
the weather is so amazing I'm like I'm
not sure if I can wear it it's like this
knit
maybe I can wear some of the things that
I thrifted yesterday
I'm going to try on these pants
I have these really cute high heels they
are from Billy Bee
I'm not sure if I'm feeling this outfit
I
I've been struggling a bit to decide
what to wear I don't know I feel like I
didn't pack properly it's always the
thing with me I'm wearing this t-shirt
that I thrifted yesterday
thank you
[Music]
we are hunting for some breakfast trying
to find a nice cafe let's see where we
end up
a little outfit check
[Music]
there was a guy that stopped me like on
the street and he wanted to take some
pictures of my outfit I was kind of
flattered he recommended us to go to
like a vintage store that's close by so
we're gonna go and have a look there
[Music]
okay slay Queen
I think it's like the perfect sweater
for winter like the turtleneck
and it's pure wool which is nice
I found this really cute top it reminds
me of our student Iris I'm not sure how
you pronounce the brand but
[Music]
we are at like a bar or a pub but
they're like all around so you can like
choose different ones yeah it's I guess
super cool it's called simpler cat so
many of you guys recommended this place
they have 55
000 reviews on Google Maps that's insane
for like a pub yeah so we bought some
prosecco
Cheers Cheers
nice
we are gonna do some more exploring and
we are gonna rent bikes we just figured
out we downloaded some app because the
Airbnb host like offered us some bikes
so we are gonna bike I'm kind of
stressed out I don't know how it's gonna
go but hopefully it's gonna be okay okay
right now successful
it unlocked okay that's just the
question how I do with my bags
foreign
[Music]
divided into two cities into one I see
it here on Google it says that the
Hungarian capital is usually divided
into two Buddha and Pest and we have
been in the past during the time that we
have been here so we biked over a bridge
and it was so beautiful but now we are
like struggling a little bit to like
return the bikes
okay I think our Airbnb is a bit pissed
but he needs to call then right yeah I
think he needs to call the customer
service because uh we can't return the
bikes the time is ticking and like we
need to pay like extra fee I think it's
gonna be okay hopefully
[Music]
we are walking towards the Buddha castle
and we're gonna see what's going on over
there apparently there's a wine festival
but we don't know we're just gonna try
and see yeah what's going on
[Music]
foreign
exploring the Buddha area of the city
today and it is absolutely beautiful we
didn't have much time because of the
bicycle problem but we really enjoyed
this area of the city the waitress
yesterday told us that this area is a
little bit more like Posh and there is
more like nature here and yeah it's kind
of different you can like feel the
difference between like these two areas
we are walking back to the pest area of
the city and the sunset is beautiful and
we are going to walk over the bridge we
are on our way to go to a restaurant I
don't remember what it's called but we
walked past it yesterday and it looked
very like authentic and very cozy but
they didn't have a table available
yesterday so we booked it for today but
we are currently like getting a bit late
so we need to walk fast
[Music]
thank you
so there were some slight change of
plans we ended up going to a Mexican
place because it looked so good and we
were just really craving it and like
yesterday we went to a Hungarian place
so we wanted to change it up and we are
very happy with our decision because
like this place is huge and like the
vibe really nice love it
[Music]
we are in bed now and we're gonna put on
a face mask super hydrating brightening
milky serum
[Music]
oh they're very gooey it's
just
this feels so good
I love
good morning we just got ready and we
are both wearing like our latest Thrift
Pines like this dress is so gorgeous we
are just ready for the day we're gonna
grab some bikes and a bike to a bakery
it's called a Louis and then we are
going to visit the like Hungarian
Parliament yeah so yeah we're excited
for the day stay tuned
[Music]
this place is amazing like the pastry
wow she ordered like Pistachio Pistachio
croissant and then cookie very excited
to try it and sandwich or like a grilled
cheese
is incredible if you like coffee the
coffee here is so good really really
good I have a nice latte here and it's
amazing welcome
[Music]
okay guys we are on a mission we are
going to go to like a hot air balloon if
it's possible if we will find it yes
because uh we were at like a restaurant
and the waitress recommended going on on
hot air balloon and we saw it also
yesterday like in the air and it looked
so much fun amazing so we are very
excited it's a bucket list thing yes
very much so if we manage we're crushing
our fingers Yay
hopefully we'll find it
laughs
foreign
balloon is not running now because the
wind is a little bit too strong
apparently but maybe later today they
will open it so we're not sure what
we're gonna do but we have booked a
river cruise with unlimited Prosecco
because so many of you guys were like
this was the highlight of my trip so we
booked it yesterday we were like we need
to do it so we're going there at seven
and now it's like three and we're gonna
go home in the meantime and switch
outfits and we're gonna be a little bit
like fancy we wanted to try a language
so many of you guys said that we need to
try it and there was like this specific
place that we had to try so I think we
are gonna go there and then bike home
get ready and go into the river cruise
okay guys they just opened the hot air
balloon we're going
[Music]
it was so much fun in the hot air
balloon
yeah it was just amazing to get an
overview of the city and we could see
like the thermal baths because we didn't
have the time to go there we were kind
of sad because it looks so nice so nice
so it was kind of cool to see it from
the above and maybe next time in
Budapest we will go there and try it
yeah now we're just heading to the place
to have langos
[Music]
okay guys the weather is insane we
couldn't get seats in the shadow so
we're just gonna work with this but time
for a taste test we got the most like a
popular one which is sour cream and
cheese like my first reaction is that
the cheese is like raw it's not like
melted that's very interesting okay
oh my God that's actually really good
we are back home we are kind of running
late I just hopped into the shower I
like removed my makeup except my mascara
I am so excited to wear this dress it's
like really long and it is absolutely
stunning it's from a brand called arsena
Ori I think you pronounce it like that
so I'm gonna jump into this dress
I just redid my makeup and I think we
are ready to go I'm gonna show you the
dress
[Music]
thank you
foreign
it's the next morning and we are heading
to the airport leaving Budapest for now
but honestly guys we truly had the best
time ever the city is absolutely
beautiful and it's like a lot bigger
than I expected it is very much alive
and like I just love the vibe here and
we honestly like really loved it here
but I would definitely want to come here
again biking around the city has been so
much fun and like we ate so much good
food we were able to vintage shop and
yeah it was just so much fun we're
heading to the airport now oh we're so
sad but thank you guys so much for
watching I will link Mateo's Instagram
and Tick Tock in the bio so go follow
her she is starting her like a little
bit content creation so go and give her
a follow she's so good but thank you
guys for watching I'll see you in my
next video
bye
[Music]